readme.md, before:

# ![Ember.js Example App](logo.png)

[![RealWorld Frontend](https://img.shields.io/badge/realworld-frontend-%23783578.svg)](http://realworld.io)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/d113b25f-ae1c-41b1-8bff-0bfa0b9ac594/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/ember-realworld/deploys)

# Ember RealWorld example app

> ### Ember.js codebase containing real world examples (CRUD, auth, advanced patterns, etc) that adheres to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld-example-apps) spec and API.

### [Demo](https://ember-realworld.netlify.com/)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld)

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (with npm)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
- [Ember CLI](https://ember-cli.com/)
- [Google Chrome](https://google.com/chrome/)

## Installation

- `git clone <repository-url>` this repository
- `cd ember-realworld`
- `yarn`

## Running / Development

- `ember serve`
- Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).
- Visit your tests at [http://localhost:4200/tests](http://localhost:4200/tests).

### Code Generators

Make use of the many generators for code, try `ember help generate` for more details

### Running Tests

- `yarn test`
- `yarn test --server`

### Linting

- `yarn lint`
- `yarn lint:js --fix`

### Building

- `ember build` (development)
- `ember build --environment production` (production)

### Deploying

This app is automatically deployed to [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/).

## Further Reading / Useful Links

- [ember.js](https://emberjs.com/)
- [ember-cli](https://ember-cli.com/)
- Development Browser Extensions
  - [ember inspector for chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ember-inspector/bmdblncegkenkacieihfhpjfppoconhi)
  - [ember inspector for firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ember-inspector/)

Commit message:

Added badge for continuous integration

readme.md, after:

# ![Ember.js Example App](logo.png)

[![RealWorld Frontend](https://img.shields.io/badge/realworld-frontend-%23783578.svg)](http://realworld.io)
[![This project uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration.](https://github.com/gothinkster/ember-realworld/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gothinkster/ember-realworld/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/d113b25f-ae1c-41b1-8bff-0bfa0b9ac594/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/ember-realworld/deploys)

# Ember RealWorld example app

> ### Ember.js codebase containing real world examples (CRUD, auth, advanced patterns, etc) that adheres to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld-example-apps) spec and API.

### [Demo](https://ember-realworld.netlify.com/)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld)

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (with npm)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
- [Ember CLI](https://ember-cli.com/)
- [Google Chrome](https://google.com/chrome/)

## Installation

- `git clone <repository-url>` this repository
- `cd ember-realworld`
- `yarn`

## Running / Development

- `ember serve`
- Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).
- Visit your tests at [http://localhost:4200/tests](http://localhost:4200/tests).

### Code Generators

Make use of the many generators for code, try `ember help generate` for more details

### Running Tests

- `yarn test`
- `yarn test --server`

### Linting

- `yarn lint`
- `yarn lint:js --fix`

### Building

- `ember build` (development)
- `ember build --environment production` (production)

### Deploying

This app is automatically deployed to [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/).

## Further Reading / Useful Links

- [ember.js](https://emberjs.com/)
- [ember-cli](https://ember-cli.com/)
- Development Browser Extensions
  - [ember inspector for chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ember-inspector/bmdblncegkenkacieihfhpjfppoconhi)
  - [ember inspector for firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ember-inspector/)
